# PNNNNRN:  $NAME

<table style="float:left">
  <tr>
    <td style="text-align:left">Date:  </td>
    <td style="text-align:right">Day-of-week, Full-month-name number-of-day-of-month<sup>ordinal-indicator</sup>, year-number</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td style="text-align:left">Author:  </td>
    <td style="text-align:right">Full Name ([person@server.domain](mailto:person@server.domain))</td>
</table>

## Introduction

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Put a short description of what your proposal is here.  Try to keep it to a single-paragraph 'elevator pitch' so that readers understand exactly what said proposal is all about.  

## Motivation

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Describe what motivated your proposal here.  If the motivation behind your proposal is to remedy the fact that a piece of project infrastructure or a project idiom is typically hard to implement or express, show what methods and/or procedures one can currently use to try and implement or express such a piece of project infrastructure or a project idiom and describe their drawbacks.  If your proposal introduces completely _new_ functionality that one cannot emulate under existing circumstances, explain how this new functionality would benefit end users.  

## Proposal

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Insert a longer, but not _too_ in-depth, description of your proposal here.  Provide examples of what your proposal's use cases and demonstrate how they work.  Also show how your proposal benefits end users here.  For example, would your proposal enable said end users to construct cleaner, safer, or more efficient abstractions on top of your proposal?  

## Detailed Design

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Describe how you will implement your proposal in all the gory, nitty-gritty detail you like.  Said details should turn out to be sufficient for anybody to implement your proposal regardless of whether they are amiliar with it or not.  

## Alternatives Considered

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;List alternative approaches that one such as yourself could have used to implement either your proposal or a similar one.  Explain why you chose the approach detailed in this document to implement your proposal instead.  